Noting fallback technique for xlink:href to support older browsers (#16241)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/svg/attribute/href/index.md

The **`href`** attribute defines a link to a resource as a reference [URL](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Content_type#url). The exact meaning of that link depends on the context of each element using it.

> > **Note:** Specifications before SVG 2 defined an {{SVGAttr("xlink:href")}} attribute, which is now rendered obsolete by the `href` attribute. If you need to support older browsers, you may include an `xlink:href` fallback in addition to `href`, e.g. `<use href="some-id" xlink:href="some-id x="5" y="5" />`.

Reviewer: It would be good if we mention that the attribute is deprecated. So people will know the pitfall.
```suggestion
> **Note:** Specifications before SVG 2 defined an {{SVGAttr("xlink:href")}} attribute, which is now rendered obsolete by the `href` attribute. If you need to support earlier browser versions, the deprecated `xlink:href` attribute can be used as a fallback in addition to the `href` attribute, e.g. `<use href="some-id" xlink:href="some-id x="5" y="5" />`.
```
